README.md, before:

=== goEmerchant Gateway Plugin for WooCommerce ===
Contributors: demourak
Tags: goemerchant, gateway, woocommerce, plugin, processing, payment, credit card
Requires at least: 4.5.3
Tested up to: 4.5.3
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

goEmerchant Payment Gateway Plugin for WooCommerce

== Description ==

goEmerchant Payment Gateway Plugin for WooCommerce

This plugin allows processing WooCommerce transactions through your goEmerchant merchant account.

= Using the Plugin =

* Download the plugin's zip folder, then activate it in your Wordpress installation.

* On your dashboard, navigate to WooCommerce -> Settings -> Checkout -> goEmerchant, and enter your account information. Click "Save Settings".

= Author =

Brought to you by [Kevin DeMoura] for goemerchant.com.

== Installation ==

1. Upload the plugin folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.

Commit message:

class-wc-gateway-goe.php can now no longer be called directly, Added installation steps in README, comment cleanup

README.md, after:

=== goEmerchant Gateway Plugin for WooCommerce ===
Contributors: demourak
Tags: goemerchant, gateway, woocommerce, plugin, processing, payment, credit card
Requires at least: 4.5.3
Tested up to: 4.5.3
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

goEmerchant Payment Gateway Plugin for WooCommerce

== Description ==

goEmerchant Payment Gateway Plugin for WooCommerce

This plugin allows processing WooCommerce transactions through your goEmerchant merchant account.

= Using the Plugin =

* Download the plugin's zip folder, then activate it in your Wordpress installation.

* On your dashboard, navigate to WooCommerce -> Settings -> Checkout -> goEmerchant, and enter your account information. Click "Save Settings".

= Author =

Brought to you by [Kevin DeMoura] for goemerchant.com.

== Installation ==

1. Upload the plugin folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.
3. Configure gateway settings in WooCommerce --> Settings --> Checkout --> goEmerchant
